Note which primitives can currently be batched (#5083)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/optimization/batching.rst

Appendix
~~~~~~~~

> Batched Primitives
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> Note that not all primitives can be batched, and batching is not guaranteed,
> especially with primitives using an anti-aliased border. The following
> primitive types are currently available:
> 
> - RECT
> - NINEPATCH (depending on wrapping mode)
> - POLY
> - LINE
> 
> With non-batched primitives you may be able to get better performance drawing
> them manually with polys in a ``_draw()`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batched primitives
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Not all primitives can be batched. Batching is not guaranteed either,
especially with primitives using an antialiased border. The following
primitive types are currently available:

- RECT
- NINEPATCH (depending on wrapping mode)
- POLY
- LINE

With non-batched primitives, you may be able to get better performance by
drawing them manually with polys in a ``_draw()`` function.
See :ref:`doc_custom_drawing_in_2d` for more information.
```
